so check this out three men are sitting
around a table
drinking coffee they all look alike but
only two of them are brothers
the third one just doesn't belong at all
because
he's an alien who is it
it's the man sitting on the right he's
got 12 fingers
yeah the one sitting in the center has
some weird ears but look at the family
portrait on the wall his dad has the
very same ears
gabrielle is a shop assistant in a
department store
right now there are three people in the
fitting rooms there's jessica
the woman wearing a green dress shawn a
man wearing a leather jacket
and skinny jeans and alex the man who's
trying on
a larger sized pair of jeans that
gabrielle just brought him
one of the clients is an alien help
gabrielle figure it out
who's the alien
it's alex take a closer look at his feet
only a reptile or an alien would have
feet like that
jessica was walking through the dark
woods suddenly she saw a castle
probably belong to a witch or something
she was pretty curious and
wanted to snoop around but the door was
locked
there was a note with the secret code
attached to the gate
but she still needed to decipher it if
you want to enter my castle
crack this code
can you crack this code
the answer is which two stars after
wing means you need to get rid of the
last two letters
same goes for the word t for the word
chair
you need to cut off the last three
letters see
eric went to the supermarket and grabbed
two oranges and a watermelon
it cost him six dollars helen went to
the same supermarket
she grabbed a lemon an orange and a
watermelon
she paid eight dollars the oranges
lemons and watermelons all have
different prices
what's more expensive an orange or a
lemon
the lemon's more expensive eric had two
oranges
and a watermelon which cost him six
bucks
the two fruits have different prices so
it can't be
two plus two plus two the only possible
combination
is one plus one plus four so the
watermelon costs four dollars
helen paid four dollars for the
watermelon and a dollar for the orange
so now we know a lemon costs three
dollars
david and hannah got stranded on a tiny
uninhabited island
they had no radio or cell phones so they
couldn't call for help
there were no trees on the island so
they couldn't even make a smoke signal
suddenly hannah noticed a plane circling
the sky
searching for them but it was flying too
high there was no way the pilot could
see them
that's when she got a bright idea soon
after the plane spotted them
and picked them up what was hannah's
idea
she used rocks to spell out sos on the
sand
three turtles are walking one behind the
other
the first one says there are two turtles
behind me
the second one says there's one turtle
and another one right in front of me the
third one
says there are two turtles in front of
me and one more
right behind me now how's that possible
well they're walking in a circle very
slowly
on a farm there's a cow two horses and a
cat
farmer jack drives up to his farm
accompanied by his dog
fluffy how many feet are there on the
farm
[Music]
there are only two cows and horses have
hooves
dogs and cats have paws only jack
has feet you find yourself trapped in a
medieval castle
far away from civilization boy your
vacation isn't turning out as planned
you can't jump out the window because
it's too high off the ground
the only tree near the window doesn't
look sturdy enough for you to climb on
down
however there are three doors one of
which can lead you to freedom
behind the first door is a fierce fire
behind the second door
are hundreds of venomous snakes and
behind the third door
there's a pitch black maze who knows
what surprises are waiting for you there
so which door should you choose
[Music]
the third door you just need to break
off a tree branch
turn it into a torch by lighting it in
the first room and go through the maze
at least you'll be able to see where
you're going
maria lives in paris and once every two
weeks she goes to san tropez
to see her grandmother she bought a
ticket from the machine
finished her coffee and headed to the
train but this weekend
something went wrong she didn't make it
to san tropez
why not
she bought the wrong ticket it says
santropay paris
but she needed paris santropay when she
tried to get on the train
the conductor immediately told her she
had the wrong ticket
and she just didn't have enough time to
change it
emma's a big fan of all things pink
she lives in a one-story pink house she
has a pink
cat a pink dog a pink hamster pink walls
pink doors and even a pink fridge what
color are her stairs
she doesn't have stairs she lives in a
one-story house
but that house sure gets a lot of stairs
from the neighbors
mark got to take part in a tv show where
you had to answer some tough questions
he was doing really great and managed to
answer 14 out of 15 questions
he was real nervous only one more
question and he'd hit the grand prize
one million dollars wood is as large as
an
elephant but doesn't even weigh an ounce
mark
shouted out an answer and now he's a
millionaire
what was his guess
it's shadow it's as large as an elephant
but it's weightless
ice melts when you heat it up but if you
heat me
i solidify you have seven seconds to
figure out what i am
i'm an egg hey don't crack me up
paulo was on a mission to take some
nature picks for his blog
as he was walking through the forest he
fell into a deep pit
he tried to climb out but when he
grabbed onto a rock it broke off
and water started to pour in the pit was
filling up fast
paulo saw a deflated ball an empty
barrel
and a piece of wooden board what should
he use to get out of the pit
the deflated ball is too small and has a
slit in one side
the wooden board wouldn't support his
weight the best option
is the empty barrel it might just keep
paulo afloat
anthony majored in accounting at the
university
his roommates wanted to test his
intelligence they took
three envelopes and wrote some messages
on them then
they put the answers to anthony's
upcoming exam
in one of the envelopes only one
envelope has a truthful message written
on it
the other two are lies anthony isn't
allowed to open the envelopes before
choosing
the first message read there are no exam
answers here
the second read the exam answers are
here and the third message read
the exam answers aren't in the second
envelope which envelope has the exam
answers in it
[Music]
the first envelope has the answers in it
the first and second envelopes are lies
the third ones telling the truth a man
was driving along a country road when
one of his tires burst
while changing it he accidentally lost
all four wheel nuts
the road was deserted and the driver was
afraid he'd be stuck
out there all night but an old lady
walking by
said something to him that changed his
luck for the better
what advice did she give him
she told him to remove one nut from each
of the other wheels
and use them for the fourth tire this
way he could get to the nearest service
station
king archibald had no one who could
inherit his throne
that's why he decided to hold a contest
to find a worthy successor
he gave a seed to every participant and
announced that the person who grew the
healthiest and most beautiful plant
would become the next king or queen on
the final day of the competition
the king saw hundreds of people with
plants of all sizes and shapes
but he ignored them all he ended up
choosing a lady
holding a pot with nothing in it but
moist dirt
how come she won
the king was a kind and honest man and
wanted his
heir to have the same qualities he gave
the participants tiny pebbles not seeds
that's how he figured out the lady was
the only honest
one there four men are lined up on
several steps
all of them facing in the same direction
a brick wall separates the fourth man
from the rest
man one can see man two and three
man two can see man three all man three
sees
is the wall and man four can't see
anyone
they're all wearing hats and they know
that two of the hats are white
and two are black which man will be the
first to figure out
and shout out the color of the hat he's
wearing
obviously the men aren't allowed to turn
around talk to each other
or take their hats off
[Music]
it'll be man too man three and man four
can't see any other hats man one sees
one black hat and one
white hat so his hat can be either white
or
black man too only sees one black hat
but he realizes that if he were also
wearing a black hat
man one would know his hat was white and
since man one hasn't said anything
man two must be wearing a white hat
and if you figured all that out well my
hat's off to you